Java V2 Add Amazon ECR Basic Scenario files. (#6541)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: getting_started_scenarios/ecr_scenario/README.md

# Amazon Elastic Container Registry Service Basic Scenario

## Overview

 This Amazon Elastic Container Registry Service (Amazon ECR) basic scenario demonstrates how to interact with the Amazon ECR service using an AWS SDK.  The scenario covers various operations such as creating an Amazon ECR repository, pushing images to the repository, setting an ECR repository policy, and so on. Here are the 6 top service operations this scenario will cover. 

> 1. **Create an ECR repository**: The program prompts the user to enter a name for the ECR repository, then creates the repository using the `createECRRepository` method.

Reviewer: The naming and casing on these actions looks Java specific. For example:
```suggestion
1. **Create an ECR repository**: The program prompts the user to enter a name for the ECR repository, then creates the repository using the `CreateRepository` action.
```
createECRRepository is Java specific. In JS it's not even a method, it's a command that's passed to a method: [CreateRepositoryCommand](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/client/ecr/command/CreateRepositoryCommand)

6. **Verify the image in the ECR repository**: The program verifies that the Docker image was successfully pushed to the ECR repository using the `verifyImage` method.

Note: These steps are not the complete program, but summarizes the 5-6 high-level steps. See the Eng Spec for a complete listing of ECR operations. 

### Resources

The basic scenario requires an IAM role that has Amazon ECR permissions. In addtion, this scenario requires a local Docker image created using Bash. To create a local "Hello World" Docker image using Bash:

1. **Install Docker**: First, you'll need to install Docker and Docker Desktop on your system. You can download the appropriate Docker version for your operating system from the official Docker website (https://www.docker.com/get-started).

2. **Create a Dockerfile**: Create a new file named `Dockerfile` in your preferred directory. This file will contain the instructions for building your Docker image.

   ```bash
   touch Dockerfile
   ```

3. **Open the Dockerfile**: Open the `Dockerfile` in a text editor and add the following contents:

>    ```docker

Author: Lets discuss that

>    ```docker

Author: Done

   # Use the official Alpine Linux image as the base image
   FROM alpine:latest

   # Set the working directory to /app
   WORKDIR /app

   # Copy the "hello.sh" script into the container
   COPY hello.sh .

   # Make the "hello.sh" script executable
   RUN chmod +x hello.sh

   # Define the command to run the "hello.sh" script
   CMD ["./hello.sh"]
   ```

   In this Dockerfile, we:
   - Use the official Alpine Linux image as the base image.
   - Set the working directory to `/app`.
   - Copy the `hello.sh` script into the container.
   - Make the `hello.sh` script executable.
   - Define the command to run the `hello.sh` script when the container starts.

> 4. **Create the "hello.sh" script**: Create a new file named `hello.sh` in the same directory as the Dockerfile and add the following content:

Author: Previous  comment
